Good. Keep breathing.
(Episode 32)
It's prolapse of umbilical cord.
(The umbilical cord descending before the baby)
What?
What? What is it? My baby...
Is there something wrong with my baby?
Your umbilical cord is already out. At this rate,
your baby will be in danger.
I'll push the baby's head upward...
to reduce the cord compression. It's going to hurt.
It's okay. Breathe.
You just need to stay calm and steady. Okay?
1, 2, 3.
- Oh, my goodness. - Gosh.
She's going to be okay.
I guess her contractions just started.
Her due date isn't for another month.
Oh, gosh. What do I do?
What if something happens to both of them?
It's a little too soon,
but they'll be fine if we safely move your daughter to a hospital.
Goodness, Min Kyung...
Oh, dear. Please sit down, and have some water.
- It's going to be okay. - Oh, gosh. What should I do?
Goodness.
Let's try again. 1, 2, 3.
Because of the sea fog?
Is there any way you can come?
Fog is more dangerous than high winds to fly a helicopter.
Mom.
Okay then.
The Coast Guard can't help.
The sea fog's too thick, and they can't send a boat or a helicopter.
Nurse Yoo, go and get Nurse Pyo.
Doctor, I can't do it.
Let's try once more.
1, 2, 3.
- Try to relax. She'll be fine. - Okay.
- Nurse Pyo! - What is it?
- She needs you right now. - What?
- What... - Don't get too worried yet.
I'll go and see what's going on.
Nurse Joo, look after her.
- I will. - Nurse.
Come and sit with me.
- What's going on? - Don't worry.
What's going on?
What's this noise?
It's the sound of a woman in labor.
My goodness.
Why did you jump?
Don't you know how to knock?
Why are you so flustered?
Are you afraid they'll ask you to catch the baby?
Will she have the baby here?
She might have to if the umbilical cord's prolapsed.
Are we letting people have babies on board now?
Mom...
A prolapsed umbilical cord?
- Then... - She needs surgery right away.
- But as you know... - You're an internalist.
You're a surgeon. Do you have any experience?
I only watched as an intern. I've never done it myself.
It's serious, but we need to take some time out.
We need time to decide what's best for the patient...
and her baby.
Nurse Pyo.
You assisted in an OBGYN OR for three years.
Yes.
Then you must know what must be done.
I do.
Mom.
(Surgery)
Ever taken part in a childbirth?
Twice as an intern.
I didn't because I'd decided on surgery very early on.
The field tour was just a formality.
Still, you know it has to be us.
This is insane.
I only know what I was taught in medical school and saw once.
The baby needs to come out.
If we wait too long, it'll run out of oxygen...
And die.
We can prevent that. Let's stick to the manual.
If need be, we'll call Jeil Hospital's specialist.
We should talk with the patient's mother first.
I'll prep the patient.
- An operation? - Yes.
Here, you mean?
I'm sorry, but yes.
Will she be okay?
Can't we do it on the mainland?
I wish we could, but...
the circumstances aren't helping.
The Coast Guard can't come over in the thick fog,
and even if they could, your daughter...
might not be able to go.
Is it that serious?
The umbilical cord has fallen out.
What does that mean?
If the baby's oxygen supply is cut off,
the worst case scenario would be a stillbirth.
What? A stillbirth?
Oh no. What are you hesitating for?
Go and do the surgery right now.
The problem is...
There's another problem?
I'm a surgeon, not an OBGYN specialist.
- So... - So what?
I have never performed a cesarean before.
Not even once.
This is your first time?
Will you still entrust me with your daughter's life?
Oh dear.
I can't operate without your permission.
What should I do?
Why even ask? The baby might die. Let her do it.
Stay out of it, Nurse Joo.
You shouldn't give your opinion.
The guardian must make the decision carefully.
Right.
What should I do?
What will you do?
Will you let me operate?
Yes.
Please do it.
My daughter and grandchild.
Please save them.
I will do my best.
Joon Young, monitor the patient.
- You're the circulating nurse. - Okay, doctor.
(Circulating nurses assist)
Do I have to help this time?
I'm a bit scared.
- Hey. - Get going.
- Go, right now. - Darn it.
Kwak.
Is it true she's only in her 36th week?
Yes, why?
Get things started. I'll sort out the rest from here.
(Doctor Kang Dong Joon)
Doctor, it's Doctor Kang from Jeil Hospital.
Put him on speaker.
Doctor Song, it's me.
None of the OBGYN doctors are available. They're all busy.
I'll get someone on the line as soon as possible,
so start operating first.
Scalpel.
Cut from below the navel to the pubis.
Okay?
An incubator...
A blanket would be better than a box.
Let's see.
What should we do?
That's it. Why didn't I think of that?
I just washed this after a year.
Kid.
You made me wash it to save your life.
What's all this? Why is it all splayed out?
Why are you cutting your clothes?
Can you get me a pouch and some suturing thread?
What for? Are you going to operate too?
Would I?
Then why do you need a pouch and suturing thread?
The mother is only 36 weeks into her pregnancy.
It's very likely that her baby is premature.
Where would we put it?
I don't know. I didn't think that far. Where would we put it?
In an incubator.
- We don't have one on board. - I'm making one.
You're making an incubator? With this?
Yes. Get what I asked for.
I cut through the peritoneum.
Next, push the bladder downward.
There. Do you see the womb?
Make a horizontal cut and take the baby out.
Scalpel.
Put your hand in and take the baby out.
Do you feel it?
Oh dear...
What happened? Is the baby out?
Yes. It's a beautiful girl.
Why don't I hear it crying?
That's because...
They're suctioning out the substance in her airway.
That will clear the airways and...
That sound...
She's crying. That means she can breathe on her own.
Does that mean everything's okay?
We can't relax just yet.
The baby was born early...
and doesn't even weigh 2kg.
You need an incubator.
Like this?
Doctor Kim.
She's weak, but can breathe on her own.
The incubator's most important role...
is to keep her warm.
If we wrap her up nicely with this,
it'll help keep her warm.
Doctor Kim, you made this yourself?
He did. I thought he was MacGyver.
You scored.
This is nothing.
Nurse?
Thank you.
She can breathe,
but if we give her a supply of oxygen,
it would help, right?
Where did you find that?
Nurse Joo found it.
It wasn't that difficult.
This is one lucky baby.
We happened to have a sample.
We did.
Where's Doctor Cha?
Doctor Cha.
The fog cleared up.
What were you doing out here?
Were you crying again?
I won't be able to see my future wife give birth.
I should tell her not to have kids.
You overreact to the point where it's a disease.
Why worry about a wife when you don't even have a girlfriend?
Let's drink.
To what?
To your incredibly brave future wife.
How do you know if my future wife will be brave?
Brave women are like that.
They're attracted to men who need protecting.
- Are they? - Yes.
So stop crying and drink up.
Sure. Cheers.
Cheers.
[VIU Ver] Episode 32 Hospital Ship "I Want You to Be at Ease"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Are you awake?
Where am I?
In an ambulance.
The baby you're holding. Is it mine?
Can I hold her?
Of course you can.
Doctor Song.
Get up slowly.
Here you go.
You're really small.
Because of me,
you were born before you could grow.
Sorry.
For giving birth a month too soon.
I'm sorry I couldn't keep you for longer.
I'm so sorry,
but it's good to see you.
Hello, baby.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
What happened?
The mother and baby are both healthy.
Well done.
You'd finished before I could...
get a doctor on the phone.
I thought that meant bad news.
You pulled off an OBGYN operation.
You might end up becoming a true all-round player.
It's not a good thing.
I want to pray every day so these things don't happen.
I feel the same,
but whatever deity is in charge isn't listening.
Things keep happening.
Well done, both of you.
You two should go and get drunk.
I'll take the night shift...
instead of paying for the drinks.
Bye.
Doctor Song.
Is there a bump here?
You turn the wrong way...
and then trip up on perfectly level paved ground?
Can I trust you?
Are you sure you can...
decide where to go this Saturday?
Will you take me to some weird place?
No. That will never happen.
I was so moved.
- Someone cried. - Who?
Who do you think?
- Really? - Did you?
I still can't forget it.
When I saw the baby's head come out...
Exactly. The moment of a birth. That emotional second.
I was more moved by your incredible...
improvement, Nurse Yoo.
Stop it.
It's true.
What if Mr. Chu hadn't brought Doctor Song?
- Even today... - Stop it.
I don't want to think about it.
You're really easily scared.
- Don't cry. - Let's have a toast.
I'm here too, you know.
You left out your own captain.
Oh dear.
Everyone's so encouraged.
How can I tell them we have to let her go?
Give it some time.
I'll figure out a way.
Has Doctor Song gone somewhere?
I haven't seen her all evening.
- Do you think... - Think what?
Did she hear something at the office?
Do you think she already knows?
(Movies to watch)
(Beach)
(Hotels)
(Geoje)
(Dreaming of You)
(Bolier)
How is it going?
Not easy, is it?
What's this?
Stop working on it alone and bring it downstairs.
I'll help you.
(Patting)
How did he do this?
He used this function.
(Don't bother me.)
Bring it on.
I can't yet.
I came for a light exercise.
Then I'll definitely win.
Do you really want to play?
Yes.
I won't play fair anymore.
Okay.
Let's not.
You're insane.
You played too hard. What if your stitches get undone?
You played hard too.
Otherwise, it won't be fun to play with me.
Do you know that you're a good man?
What's gotten into you?
That's what makes you...
worse.
I'm leaving.
A good man.
Even from a man's perspective, he's a good man.
He took away the woman I loved for the first time,
but I can't hate him.
Punk.
We arrive at the restaurant at 11:30am.
The best dish at this restaurant is steak.
Its rating is five stars.
Its rating was five stars.
Try it.
It doesn't taste so bad.
The steak was a failure, but I'm certain about the movie.
The audience and critique both rated it a nine.
I recognized it in him right off the bat.
He was different from the get-go.
His face practically glowed.
That's so impressive.
You're right.
By the way,
can you help me?
You're right.
The movie is okay.
- Wait. - Yes, sir.
The old man should pay for the meal.
Me? Goodness.
Why should I pay?
Did you enjoy the movie?
It was very moving.
Next is a dolphin show.
What's wrong?
I'm not wrong.
This is the way to the dolphin show.
Have you seen the sky like that?
No.
I didn't realize that the sky was there.
That's why...
you shouldn't work so hard.
Don't push yourself too hard.
I hope that...
At least when you're with me...
you'll be relaxed...
and at ease.
Like now.